Update import.md about _RAW_KNOWN_EXPORTED_CHANGE_IDS (#100)
Ecosystem-Infra/ecosystem-infra-rotation: docs/import.md

[tooling changes]: https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/q/subject:%22Roll+wpt+tooling%22
[roll script]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/HEAD/third_party/wpt_tools/roll_wpt.py

> **Extremely rare**: During the import process, it will also check for any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Extremely rare**: During the import process, it will also reapply any pending
```

exportable CLs to ensure that the imported changes do not clobber them. In
the unlikely event that you need to ignore a certain CL, add the change ID
to the `_RAW_KNOWN_EXPORTED_CHANGE_IDS` variable in
[known_exported_change_ids.py](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/tools/blinkpy/w3c/known_exported_change_ids.py;l=31;drc=6b4304b612b0cf4c20d55eff205d5b16b1572ba6).
Add a comment next to the ID with a link to the relevant bug. Example scenario
of when this might occur:

> - A file is **deleted** in the main WPT repository. Before that deletion is **imported** into Chromium, a new CL lands in Chromium that **modifies** that same file. The importer now sees an "exportable" CL that is impossible to apply, as the target file no longer exists upstream.

Reviewer: Just FYI: I remember now that we had a code-free hack for dealing with this: we would move `Change-Id: ...` from the description of the unapplicable PR to a closed dummy PR like https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt/pull/42289; this causes the importer to take the ["abandoned" PR path](https://source.chromium.org/chromium/chromium/src/+/main:third_party/blink/tools/blinkpy/w3c/chromium_exportable_commits.py;l=165;drc=6b4304b612b0cf4c20d55eff205d5b16b1572ba6;bpv=0;bpt=0). But https://crrev.com/c/6720882 is a more explicit, less arcane way of skipping the Chromium commit. Thanks for adding and documenting the new escape hatch!

> - A file is **deleted** in the main WPT repository. Before that deletion is **imported** into Chromium, a new CL lands in Chromium that **modifies** that same file. The importer now sees an "exportable" CL that is impossible to apply, as the target file no longer exists upstream.

Reviewer 2: Good example!
